java c
COMP213 Final Project In this project, you will implement   a   command-line   interpreter   or   shell.   The   shell   should   operate   in   this   basic   way:   when   you   type   in   a   command   (in   response   to   its prompt),   the   shell   creates   a   child   process   that   executes   the   command   you   entered   and   then   prompts   for more user input when it has finished.The   shells   you   implement   will   be   similar   to,   but   much   simpler   than,   the   one   you   run   every   day   in   Unix.   You   can    find    out   which    shell   you    are   running   by   typing    echo   $SHELL   at   a prompt. You   may   then   wish   to   look   at   the   man   pages   for   sh   or   the   shell   you      are    running       (more      likely      tcsh   or      bash)    to       learn    more       about      all      of    the   functionality   that   can   be   present.   For   this   project,   you   do   not   need   to   implement   much   functionality;    but      you      will      need      to      be      able      to      handle      running      multiple      commands   simultaneously.Your   shell   can   be   run   in   two   ways:   interactive   and   batch.   In   interactive   mode,   you   will   display   a   prompt   (any   string   of your   choosing),   and   the   user   of the   shell   will   type   in   a   command at the prompt. In batch mode, your shell is   started by   specifying   a batch   file   on   its   command   line;   the   batch   file   contains   the   list   of commands   that   should   be   executed.   In   batch   mode,   you   should   not   display   a   prompt.   In   batch   mode,   you   should   echo   each   line   you   read   from   the   batch   file   back   to   the   user   before   executing   it;   this   will   help   you when you debug your   shell (and us when we   test   your   programs).   In   both   interactive   and   batch mode, your shell stops accepting new commands   when   it   sees   the   quit   command   on   a   line   or reaches the   end   of   the   input   stream   (i.e., the   end   of   the batch   file   or the   user   types 'Ctrl-D'). The shell should then exit after   all   running processes   have   terminated.Each   line   (of   the   batch   file   or   typed   at   the   prompt)   may   contain   multiple   commands   separated   with   the    ;   character.   Each   of the   commands   separated   by   a    ;   should   be   run   simultaneously,   or   concurrently.   (Note that this   is   different behavior. than   standard Linux   shells which run these   commands   one   at   a time,   in   order.)   The   shell   should   not   print   the   next prompt   or take more input until   all   of   these   commands have   finished   executing   (the wait() and/or   waitpid() system    calls   may   be   useful   here).   For   example,   the   following lines are all valid and have reasonable commands   specified:
prompt>
prompt> ls
prompt> /bin/ls prompt> ls   -l
prompt> ls   -l   ;   cat   file
prompt> ls -l   ;   cat   file   ;   grep   foo   file2For   example,   on   the   last   line,   the   commands   ls   -l,   cat   file   and   grep   foo   file2   should all be running at the   same time;   as   a result,   you   may   see   that   their   output   is intermixed.To   exit   the   shell,   the   user   can   type   quit.   This   should just   exit   the   shell   and   be   done   with it   (the   exit()   system   call will be useful   here). Note that   quit   is   a   built-in   shell   command;   it   is   not   to   be   executed   like   other   programs   the   user   types   in.   If the   "quit"   command   is   on   the   same   line   with   other   commands,   you   should   ensure   that   the   other   commands execute (and finish) before you exit your   shell.
These are all valid examples for   quitting   the   shell.
prompt> quit
prompt> quit   ;   cat   file   prompt> cat   file   ;   quitThis project is not as hard   as   it   may   seem   at   first   reading   (or perhaps   it   doesn't   seem   t代 写COMP213 Final ProjectPython
代做程序编程语言hat   hard   at   all,   which   is   good!);   in   fact,   the   code   you   write   will   be   much   smaller   than   this   specification.   Writing   your   shell   in   a   simple   manner   is   a   matter   of finding   the   relevant   library   routines    and    calling   them   properly.   Your    finished   programs   will   probably   be   under   200   lines,   including   comments.   If you   find   that   you   are   writing   a   lot   of code,   it   probably   means   that   you    are    doing    something   wrong    and    should    take    a   break    from   hacking and instead think about what you are trying to   do.
Program Specifications 
Your program must be   invoked exactly as follows:   shell   [batchFile]
The command line arguments to your shell are to be   interpreted   as   follows.batchFile:    an    optional    argument    (often    indicated    by      square    brackets      as   above).   If present,   your   shell   will   read   each   line   of the   batchFile   for   commands   to   be   executed. If   not   present, your   shell   will   run   in   interactive   mode   by   printing a prompt to the user at stdout and reading the command   from   stdin.
For   example, if   you   run   your   program   as shell /u/j/v/batchfile
then   your program   will   read   commands   from    /u/j/v/batchfile   until   it   sees   the   quit   command.Defensive programming is    an    important    concept    in      operating      systems:      an      OS      can't   simply   fail   when   it   encounters   an   error;   it   must   check   all   parameters   before   it   trusts   them.   In   general,   there   should   be   no   circumstances   in   which   your   C   program   will   core   dump,    hang      indefinitely,       or    prematurely    terminate.      Therefore,      your      program      must respond    to    all      input      in      a      reasonable      manner;      by       "reasonable",    we      mean      print      an   understandable error message and either continue processing   or   exit,   depending   upon   the   situation.
You   should   consider   the   following   situations   as   errors;   in   each   case,   your   shell   should print a message (to stderr)   and   exit   gracefully:
1.   An incorrect number of   command line arguments to   your shell program.
2. The batch file does not exist   or cannot be   opened.
For the   following   situation, you   should print   a message   to   the   user   (stderr)   and   continue   processing:
A command does not exist or cannot be executed.
Optionally,    to    make    coding    your    shell    easier,    you    may    print      an      error    message      and continue processing in the following situation:
A   very   long   command   line   (for   this   project,   over   512   characters   including   the   ‘\n').
Your   shell   should   also   be   able   to   handle   the   following   scenarios,   which   are   not   errors   (i.e., your shell should not print an   error message):
An empty command   line.
Extra white spaces within a   command   line.
Batch   file   ends   without   quit   command   or   user   types   'Ctrl-D'   as   a   command   in   interactive mode.In   no   case   should   any   input   or   any   command-line   format   cause   your   shell   program   to   crash   or   to   exit   prematurely.   You   should   think   carefully   about   how   you   want   to   handle   oddly   formatted   command   lines   (e.g.,   lines   with   no   commands   between   a    ;).   In   these   cases,   you   may   choose   to   print   a   warning   message   and/or   execute   some   subset   of the   commands. However, in all cases, your shell should   continue   to   execute!
Example problematic input lines that your shell should handle gracefully:
prompt>   ; cat file   ;   grep   foo   file2   prompt> cat file   ;   ;   grep   foo   file2
prompt> cat   file   ;   ls   -l   ;      prompt> cat   file   ;;;; ls   -l   prompt>   ;; ls   -l
prompt>   ;

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
